---
note: |
  The twitter embed height is configured in "app/config.ts". The height of the
  twitter embed (in pixels) must be hard coded, but you can adjust that number
  to make the height of the embed roughly match the height of your about
  section. If they mismatch, the embed becomes super long by default, and the
  page layout gets wonky.

  I intentionally left it kind of messed up so you can see how it's _not_
  supposed to look, and experiment with fixing it. The correct number as of
  writing should be around 900! It does not need to be a perfect match.
---

# About Me

"On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who
are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so
blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound
to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through
weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and
pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour,
when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being
able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain
avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the
obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be
repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in
these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure
other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains."

"Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium
doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore
veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim
ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia
consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque
porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur,
adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et
dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis
nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex
ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea
voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem
eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?"
